For Exercise 7, 8 and 8,
we're gonna be working with a arbitrarily
slowed down user experience.
I actually slowed down
the back end a little bit so
we can play around with this
just to make it easier.
So you don't have to do a slow 3G
connection, but for the Exercise 7 and 8,
the slowdown that we're trying to
improve is actually the user's network.
For 9, we'll deal with, okay,
what happens if you're the one who's slow?
It's not the user, but it's you.
But for seven and eight, we're gonna say,
sometimes the users network is no good and
you have no control over that.
How do we make the users
experience not just total trash
with that type of environment?
So, we're gonna be using this handy little
thing called Use Transition to show
a loading spinner on our app.
And we've got the loading
spinner implemented for you.
We do have a mini extra credit for this
one to use a package called Spin Delay so
you don't get a flash of loading state,
which is kinda interesting.
So, ultimately where this
loading spinner is gonna go,
I think, let's also node dev 7, herein, so
this will be port 4007, Kotty remix.run,
Kotty loves you, and here we go.
Yep, I was on a previous,
the data is different between
every workshop or every exercise.
So, we have made the customer's
route really slow.
If I click on customers,
we're waiting, waiting, waiting!
And finally, it loads.
It's not a good experience if I'm in
invoices and then go to go toccustomers
are waiting, waiting,
you'll see that the URL is updated.
But it takes a while before
we actually get to that.
And the thing we made slow
is getting these invoices,
we're just making that piece really slow.
So yeah, we're just gonna deal with that,
we're gonna pretend that this is the users
network that causes us to be slow.
The other thing that I wanted
to mention about this, right.
We already also have prefetching enabled,
we learned about prefetching in
the Remix Fundamentals Workshop and so
if you hover over one of these links,
this can take anywhere from three to five
seconds I think, if you hover for a while,
and then click,
then it instantly transitions.
So, I believe that's actually
even the case for the customers,
so, if you hover over that for a second,
and then click then it's instant.
So, we have done a little bit,
but we wanna make that loading experience
better, even if we had about a fast back
end because sometimes
the user's network is no good.
And you're gonna put a loading spinner
up here next to the FakeBooks logo.
And I think that is everything that you
need to know to be able to start working
on this.